<title>ODE 2021 Spring </title>

### Course page

All the materials will appear here as well as on the Collab website.

<a href='https://mtikhonov.com/teaching/ode2021/'>https://mtikhonov.com/teaching/ode2021/</a>

### Materials

Week 1 _(to appear)_

### Instructor: Zoran Grujic
Email: zg7c@virginia.edu

### TA: Mikhail Tikhonov
Email: mst2ae@virginia.edu

### Textbook: 

Elementary Differential Equations and Boundary Value Problems by Boyce and DiPrima, 10th ed.

## Lectures: 

MoWe 14:00-15:15

### Discussions:

Section 200 -- Tu 17:00-17:50

Section 300 -- Tu 16:00-16:50

Discussion sessions will consist of small theory review, detailed solution of several problems, working in small groups and a quiz at the end. 

### Quiz:

The quiz questions will appear in "Assignments" section on Collab at the end of the class. Solutions are expected to be uploaded there within 10 minutes of the class end. Please download some kind of scanning app before classes start. I use Adobe Scan, for example. Grading policy for quizzes is binary (1 point for complete full solution, 0 otherwise).

### Exams

There will be two midterms, on March 3 and April 7, and the final exam (day/time scheduled by the Registrar). All the exams will be in real time (the two midterms during the regularly scheduled class time), proctored over Zoom. No calculators. The exams will have to be submitted within 15 minutes from the end of the exam period via `Assignments' (in Collab); one properly labeled PDF file please.

### Homework 

Homework problems will be assigned weekly, and the solutions submitted via `Assignments'; one properly labeled PDF file please.

### Grade 

Homework 10%, Quizzes 15%, Exam 1 20%, Exam 2 20%, and Final Exam 35%. 

### Other

Math Collaborative Learning Center: https://math.virginia.edu/undergraduate/

MCLCAll students with special needs requiring accommodations should present the appropriate paperwork from the Student Disability Access Center (SDAC). It is the student's responsibility to present this paperwork in a timely fashion and follow up with the instructor about the accommodations being offered. Accommodations for test-taking (e.g., extended time) should be arranged at least 5 business days before an exam

### Printed version of the syllabus

<a href='https://mtikhonov.com/teaching/ode2021/0.1_Syllabus.pdf'>PDF</a>

